>> Brian Holt: Now,
if the bird goes over a hungry mole,
right, it should have a worm in its mouth,
right?
So that that let's the user know,
it's like if you click on this,
you're gonna get points.
So the way we can do that
is we can say .hungry,
>> Brian Holt: When someone's over it,
you can say cursor URL dot slash
cursor dash worm PNG, comma default.
So now whenever someone moves
the mouse over one of the hungry moles
it's going to have a different image
than just this mole right here.
So just to test that out, let's go and
just add hungry on to one of these.
Okay, so this one and then we're going
to add the class of hungry, save that.
That's because I'm
modifying the wrong HTML.
That's why, easy to do, hungry.
There we go.
And
now I can modify that and there you go.
You can see when the mouse
is over the hungry one,
you've got a little worm in its mouth.
And then when I move it off,
it no longer has it.
It's kind of fun, right?
And it's cool that this was
all done with CSS, right?
There's no code governing this.
This is just the browser saying whenever
something's over something else,
just change the image behind it.
So we can take hungry off that I
just wanted to make sure it worked.
Let's go back to styles.CSS.
So a mole that is gone we just
want to say display none.
So if we come back over here to
this first mole and I put gone.
And say that I want
nothing to be in the hole,
I just want the hole to be there, right?.
>> Brian Holt: So now that I can
have moles coming in and out.
>> Brian Holt: So that's good.
>> Brian Holt: And we'll worry
about the worm and the winds later.
>> Brian Holt: All right,
this is pretty good.
This should get us started
working on our JavaScript.